# ISIS Name Change Working Group Meeting May 5, 2022 @1PM MST / 4PM EDT

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- Lauren Adoram-Kershner
- Audrie Fennema
- Laz Kestay
- Lori Pigue

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last meeting
  - Jesse: Contact ASC management about attending June ISIS TC meeting for proposal
    - Jesse contacted J, Robin, and Justin
    - J - yes, Robin - no, Justin - maybe
    - If only J can attend should we postpone/reschedule?
      - Concerned about decision making without ASC director
      - Yes we will reschedule if Justin cannot make it
  - Jesse: Make a google sheet to share
    - DOI does not allow google sheets
    - We have been passing excel files back and forth
      - Less than ideal, but workable
  - Lauren: Initial Why labeling by Wednesday morning 5/4 & Lori: Initial demographic labeling by Wednesday morning 5/4
    - Added "no comment" and "other" label for why question
    - Separated "I don't have strong feelings" and "I don't have strong feelings"
    - Responses that mentioned ISIS is a terrorist organization were labeled as "horrible name" and "insensitive name"
      - We should change "ISIS is a horrible name" & "confusion/mix-ups" to "linked to a terrorist organization"
    - Done collaboratively
    - We should give some more time for LRO group to give input and let everyone look at the re-labeled data
    - What do we do with people who self describe as students and researchers?
      - Take their self-labeling and label them as "student" and "research scientist"
    - Should all "Astro" responses also be "Other"
      - This kind of washes out the "Other" responses
      - We may be de-anonymizing some data and should be careful
      - For right now, remove "Other" label from "Astro" responses
    - Various changes to specific response labels
  - Victor: Share why responses with LRO group
    - Deferred
  - All: Comment on initial labeling
    - See above labeling notes

- What are the key questions we want to ask of the data?
  - What are the leading Yes and No responses in the "why" question?
    - Is there a consensus in the community?
    - What do we need to acknowledge and respond to?
    - Bar charts
  - Are there differences for people who say they were directly impacted?
    - Specifically impacted by the name ISIS
  - For demographics are there groups that sway one way or the other?
    - The largest response groups (by a lot) are "mission/instrument team member", "Researcher", and "Astro" we should be careful with other labels as they are low frequency labels.
    - We could roll all low frequency labels into "Other"
    - Maybe a stacked bar graph or a some pie charts by label
- What about the other questions?
  - There does not seem to be a consensus on a new name
  - We should start combing the impacts
    - Jesse will try to make a big list of impacts
    - For right now, do not try to analyze how big of an impact something is
      - We will discuss this and mitigation later
- What do we see in the data?
  - Deferred until everyone gets to see the new labeling and charts
- Decision making
  - Deferred
  - Can also happen asynchronous over e-mail
  - Needs to be a collective decision

## Discussions for next meeting

- How does the data answer our questions?
- What do we propose?

## Action Items

- Lauren: Update why labels
- Jesse: comb impact list
- Jesse: make some charts

## Next Meeting

- Next week is the ISIS TC
- Meet the week after 5/19 at 1PM MST
- Going to be a new Teams meeting
