# TSC Meeting December 18, 2018 @12PM MST

## Hangouts
The link for the meeting is: `https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/doi.gov/jlaura`

## Agenda
- TSC Membership Role Call
- Question (M. Aye): Do we need a distinction between funded actors and voluntary participation in the TSC? I'm worried that the "responsible for" wording for things like documentation and/or code base is in principle appliclable to all TSC members, while I don't think it's fair that unfunded members should become responsible by default. What if a TSC member only ever wants to participate by doing A while B, C and D are also formally part of TSC members' responsibility? (I hope this question is clear enough to be discussed.)
- Question (M. Aye): How far is the Python API for ASC Core[ISIS3]? My question comes from my thoughts on forking Pysis and fixing its tests, dropping its Python2 support and some other things I don't like. But I don't want to redo things already working and it shouldn't overlap/interfer with the upcoming Python API.
- Responsibilities of TSC GH "Collaborators" (M. Aye)
- Versioning: We need to determine how best to version the software.
- Release RoadMap: [LINK](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/wiki/Release-Road-Map). We should discuss this document and make a decision about the release schedule.
- Applications and Testing: We recently pushed all of the additional code for the ASC Core[ISIS3] applications into the main ISIS3 library. Should this code be in a separate library along with the application code? See [Issue](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/issues/600).

## Notes

### Attending
* Ross Beyer
* Michael Aye
* Jay Luara
* Summer Stapleton
* Scott Akins
* Stuart Sides
* Kelvin Rodriguez
* Adam Paquette
* Jesse Mapel

### TSC membership
Current Roster:
* Jay Laura
* Ross Beyer
* Michael Aye
* Summer Stapleton
* Jesse Mapel

HiRISE may be interested, concerned about level of technical expertise.

What level of technical expertise is required to be on the TSC?

For right now we want people. If people feel like they are not contributing, they can choose to leave the TSC.

### Level of involvement

Baseline level of involvement in the TSC. Working group leads and members accept greater level of responsibility.

TSC responsibilities sound very active. Not everyone on the TSC has to do everything. The TSC is more about making decisions and then contributors take action based on TSC decisions.

Node.js does not separate between funded and un-funded. Everyone is allowed to contribute at the level they feel they can.

### Python API

Pysis is currently on pip and is having issues with testing. It would like to move to Anaconda. How much does updating Pysis interact with the possibility of an ISIS python API.

See this document on the [ISIS3 wiki](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/wiki/Writing-ISIS3-Tests-Using-Gtest-and-Ctest#refactoring-isis3-applications)

We can use the c++ wrapper function as a place to add a SWIG wrapper to generate python interfaces to the ISIS3 applications. It may be worth it to work on this, instead of extensive work on Pysis.

### Github Collaborators

What do we expect Github collaborators to do? They are people who interact on github. They are opening issues, pull requests, and providing reviews.

### Versioning

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/)

Move all ASC software to Semantic Versioning. Currently don't have a versioning standard.

Source backwards compatible, but not binary compatible.

***Yes use this***

### Release Roadmap

Proposed draft from Jay [LINK](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/wiki/Release-Road-Map).

Applicable to long-term projects where work persists throughout the fiscal year.

**Action for next meeting** Need to determine release candidate versioning.

Should we focus each release on a specific area? How do feature/bug fix focuses get selected? Astro management will do this, the TSC should not be making these decisions.

Regular cadence is not as important as the community getting their hands on fixes. If there is a lower volume of work being done, then a 4 month cycle or 6 month cycle may work.

ASP uses a weekly release process to quickly get fixes to users. Should ISIS use this model? No, the USGS is not interested in making out CI builds available right now.

***Bug releases as necessary*** On version 3.xx.0, bug gets fixed, 3.xx.1 gets released.

***3 month feature release cycle*** Every 3 months the TSC decides if a new release is needed.

Need a process to notify the TSC if a new feature is added. Maybe a pull request label? If there are any features added/changed since the last release, a release happens. There is no decision to be made.

**Action for next meeting** Can these be used to write feature change logs?

**Action for next meeting** What is a feature vs a bugfix?

Need to educate the community about how to make huge API changes to software. Encourage people to open issues first and then pull requests.

**Action for next meeting** Need to refine contributing timelines/guidelines. Should there be a time period that features have to stay open for?

### Next Meeting January 22nd 12PM MST

### Major decisions
* Long lived ASC software will use semantic versioning.
* Long lived ASC software will put out bug fix releases as bug fixes are made.
* Every 3 months, if there are any feature changes, long lived ASC software will put out a feature release.
* All feature change pull requests need to be flagged with a Feature label.
