# ISIS TC Meeting March 10, 2020 @12PM MST

## [Zoom Link](https://zoom.us/j/919720087)

## [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j0iul5zrJIcNXiUKm7ZQhKa6VjV6IsrHaYcC9vTNVsA/edit?usp=sharing)

### Attending
 - Andrew Annex
 - Ross Beyer
 - Kristin Berry
 - Stuart Sides
 - Stuart Robbins
 - Kris Becker
 - Robin Fergason
 - Jesse Mapel
 - Audrie Fennema
 - K. Michael Aye

## Agenda / Notes
 - Action Items from last meeting
   - Create a landing page with information about what’s going on with ISIS (Jay Laura)
     - Readme on github updated
     - No change at main .gov website.
       - Add landing at .gov website, can redirect to github
   - Make issue on ISIS repo to update the header boilerplate (Kris Becker)
     - Issue posted: https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/issues/3741
     - No responses yet
     - Could be a very long issue thread.

 - Applying to the Planetary Software TSC as a top level project
   - Application at https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/wiki/PS-TSC-Application
   - Open for comment and edits until March 27th

- Dealing with situations where a change must be made in a short timeframe
   - See [RFC4](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/wiki/RFC4---Migration-of-ISIS-Data-to-Git)
   - See [PR#3728](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/pull/3728)
   - Currently DOI requires that USGS ASC move off of RSYNC server and into other cloud options hosted by the DOI
   - Leverage the TC and lean into the core respondents
   - Be as transparent as possible and work in the open
   - Github label
   - Tiger team with a report back
   - Working in feature branches (with relaxed requirements) then “regular” merge of branch.
   - Current processes already address some concerns
   - Doing nothing is not an option
   - Can we have a hard deadline where a path forward must be chosen? If no consensus is reached by that point then the ISIS TC must make a decision
   - Reach an interim solution to alleviate the problem while issues are being hashed out.
   - Is the process working right now?
     - Discussion is happening on Github
     - Transparent decision making is not happening at the moment
       - With RFC4 there was a disconnect for a while where internal USGS ASC communications and decisions didn’t get broadcast out.
   - Hard deadlines need to be communicated
   - Post a status update and focus discussion
     - Living status page vs official RFC update document
     - Need a publicly posted project status
     - RFC moved to issue and out of github so that discussion can be associated with it
     - RFC is not a plan. The RFC should be closed at some point and a plan should be put forward.
     - Need to provide context for the community
     - For RFC #4 USGS will drive the process and post a plan publicly with comment space available
   - Could be a github project
   - For RFC#4 Need to have comments for current changes done by March 30th to have time for ASC to adjust based on feedback.

## Discussions for next meeting
 - Make issue on ISIS repo to update the header boilerplate (Kris Becker)

## Action Items
 - Add landing at .gov website, can redirect to github. Jesse will ensure this gets assigned and scheduled (ASC)
 - Respond to boilerplate issue https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/issues/3741 (all). Robin and Jay will write USGS ASC response.
 - Post TSC app issue on ISIS_TC (jesse)
 - Create project status and plan document for RFC4 (ASC)
 - Provide comments on RFC#4 status and plan by March 30th (all)(Stuart S.)

## Next Meeting
 - April 14th @ 12pm MST
