# ISIS TC Meeting September 9, 2021 @1PM PDT & MST / 4PM EDT

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true))

### Attending

-

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - Jesse: e-mail Ross back, tell him we will wait for him to join us in the discussions
  - Jesse: Create LTS RFC
  - Jesse: Distribute RFC on OpenPlanetary and LPI news
  - Andrew: Distribute RFC on LEAG, MEPAG and OPAG
  - J: Distribute RFC on Pen, DPS, and to MAPSIT

- Driving more community engagement with RFC process (deprecation)

- Versioning & Breaking Changes Guidelines

## Discussions for next meeting

-

## Action Items

-

## Next Meeting

- October 14th @ 1pm MST
