# ISIS TC Meeting May 12, 2022 @ 1PM PDT & MST / 4PM EDT

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- lauren Adoram-Kershner
- Audrie Fennema
- Kris Becker
- Stuart Sides
- Stuart Robbins
- Victor Silva
- Ross Beyer
- J Laura
- Robin Fergason
- Austin Sanders
- Andrew Annex

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - Jesse: Update contributing documents from experience with #4887
    - Not done
    - PRs from Victor and Cordel were merged
    - Unlikely that Jesse can do this before July
  - Kris: Post enhancement request to bundle IAKs with ISIS similar to appdata
    - Not done
    - Interfaces with a different sub-system (SPICE) and working to figure out the best way to handle this
    - Likely will need more discussion on the issue
  - Ross: Reply to open discussion on API PR
    - Done
    - Haven't gotten any more responses or closing

- API definition PR [#4792](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/pull/4792)
  - We have a "default to accept" philosophy.
    - If the submitter is being responsive and has not gotten further input from reviewers then it should default to acceptance
    - Open conversations may block the acceptance
  - Set a future date to accept if there is no response
    - One more week to continue discussion/iteration or it merges on 5/20
- ISIS name change WG update
  - Met 2 times
  - Presenting proposal at the June meeting
    - J and Justin will be attending
  - Meeting notes are up in a PR
    - Would be helpful to give write permissions to WG members
    - Okay if we revoke once WG is completed
- Compliance
  - All repos on the USGS-Astrogeology GitHub organization will be migrated to an enterprise USGS GitHub organization
    - They also have to go through an official USGS/Government software release processes
  - ISIS_TC
    - Repositories that are not "code" need to migrate elsewhere
    - This include the ISIS_TC repo
      - Migrate to the a full website
        - usgs.gov/centers/astrogeology-science-center
        - Non-USGS members will not be able to contribute directly as it will need to go through internal USGS processes
      - Could migrate to https://github.com/planetarysoftware
        - Not owned by the USGS, so they can "adopt" the ISIS_TC
        - Helpful to actually be outside of the ASC's control
        - Will need to transfer ownership to PlanetarySoftware
          - Maintainer permissions on both orgs should allow this
  - Other Repos (including ISIS)
    - There are some new restrictions coming
      - Required reviews: https://www.usgs.gov/software-management/types-software-review
      - Cannot have absolute file systems paths, any internal servers/hostnames or PII in the repo
        - Will be scrubbing all USGS-Astrogeology repos in the month of May
        - These also need to be scrubbed from the Git history
        - This will throw a wrench in anything that is not merged into dev because the commit hashes will change
        - We will be there to help people work around this
          - You can effectively take all your changes and "re-commit" them ontop of the new commit history
          - Jesse will write some docs and distribute them
          - Jesse will post on all open PRs
          - ASC folks are also available to help as part of our usual support work
            - Please post on your PRs or as an issue instead of e-mails so that the whole team can see it and balance support work
    - Could we fork ISIS and host it outside the USGS?
      - ASC devs are still the vast majority of contributors, would be hard to make a case that we aren't just circumventing regulations.
    - Most of this stuff is already covered in code reviews
      - Notably, History blobs on Cubes will need to be scrubbed for this
      - Code reviews will take a little longer
      - Rebases will be disabled to avoid needing to check each commit in a PR
      - New algorithms will need supporting documentation
        - Are there peer reviewed papers?
        - Is there a benchmark?
        - We need something to say that this has been checked by qualified people
          - Could be mission team members saying they checked a new photometry algorithm
        - This MUST happen as early as possible in the PR processes so that there is time for collecting documents
      - Most of this will need updates to the PR templates
  - Moving to GitHub enterprise
    - Moving to DGEC (DOI GitHub Enterprise Cloud)
    - Gives DOI employees permission to officially use GitHub for software distribution
    - Cut-Over deadline is June 1st
    - Publicly released repositories (currently ISIS, working on others) will move to a new GitHub organization
    - Only DOI employees will get merge permissions
      - There will be a mechanism for allowing other collaborators to merge
        - Will not be in place at time of migration
      - DOI has to pay per person here
      - Current contributing doc goes against this
        - We will need to update the contributing doc
    - Non-DOI folks are still able to
      - Open issues
      - Open pull requests
      - Comment on things
      - Fork on GitHub

- Open discussion


## Discussions for next meeting

- ISIS Name Change Proposal

## Action Items

- J/Jesse/Ross: Resolve #4792 by 5/20
- Jesse: Give temp permissions to Name Change WG members
- Jesse: Update ISIS PR templates with new requirements

## Next Meeting

- June 9th @ 1pm MST
