# ISIS TC Meeting July 14, 2022 @ 1PM PDT & MST / 4PM EDT

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- Stuart Robbins
- Victor Silva
- Audrie Fennema
- Andrew Annex
- J Laura
- Ross Beyer
- Robin Fergason
- Adam Paquette

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - Jesse: Update ISIS PR templates with new requirements

- Compliance and Contributing
  - Compliance
    - [SPD41](https://science.nasa.gov/science-red/s3fs-public/atoms/files/Scientific%20Information%20policy%20SPD-41.pdf) applies to everyone who gets NASA funding
    - Most we are already doing: a good example are code reviews
    - A few new minor things: no absolute paths on internal federal systems
    - Biggest new things is a [domain review](https://www.usgs.gov/products/software/software-management/types-software-review)
      - The software must be producing results in line with published scientific results
      - Algorithms should be following published algorithms/best practices
      - New contributions need to satisfy this too
        - If a contribution implements a new algorithm (for example calibration) we need some type of documentation showing this.
          - Can be something published
          - Can be a scientist or developer documenting their testing processes and how they validated it.
        - We are already checking for this, just need to document it properly
        - It is hard to write requirements for this documentation
      - There is a federal system called IPDS that handles the explicit review of each release
        - We leverage pull request comments, issues, etc. when writing the text for this
        - Currently all of this percolates up to ASC leadership (Robin & Justin)
      - How granular does this need to be?
        - Collectively we need to decide this
        - Any hand testing not represented in the automated testing
        - Any analysis of hand testing including a description of the results
        - ~~Size could be related to the complexity of the contribution~~
        - Size should be related to the impact of the change
      - When should the requirement for this documentation be?
        - Check this documentation is related to the code review and nominally will happen at the same time
        - Pull request is the last place that this can happen
        - This discussion can begin at the issue/RFC/change discussion phase
  - Contributions
    - Trouble with googletest documentation for requirements
      - Stuart Sides and Victor went through some of the documentation recently and encountered issues
      - ASC has new contractors on-boarding now who will use this and help update it
      - Kris will be going through some of this in the next fiscal year with O-REx extended mission
      - LRO has new students coming up who will also look at some of this
      - Action: Jesse open issue to collect googletest documentation issues

- ISIS Name Change Group
  - Presentation last month
    - Proposed that we should change the name and to start planning and scoping
      - Last chance to disagree today
        - Concerns about the number of responses in the survey (high 60s)
          - Very small percentage of the download metrics
            - There is some amount of fluff in the download metrics from things like CI
            - Do we have a better metric?
          - There were several responses that showed there is a portion of the community that this impacts, with varied intensity.
          - What was the intent of the survey?
            - What is the community feeling about changing the name?
              - Having more input would help here
            - What is the impact of the name?
              - Survey was successful here
            - What is the impact from the change?
              - Continuity in the literature
              - This is yet another significant change to ISIS that users will need to adapt to
            - There were 2 significant explanations given for a "do not change" response
              - "Changing the name is giving into the terrorist organizations"
                - The group that looked at the survey data did not want to engage with this over concerns about the political nature of it.
                - The survey data does show that the connections to the terrorist organization is already having a real impact on users. So, choosing not to change the name does not mean the terrorist organization has less impact.
                  - The choice is about which impact we want, the impact from renaming or the impact from having the same name as a terrorist organization.
              - "It is not worth the effort to change the name"
                - To properly respond to this we need to determine what the actual impact of changing the name is.
        - Renaming is a people challenge
          - Technical implementation is well understood and not difficult (a bit tedious)
          - Requires support for users to make the transition
          - We are still struggling with the ISIS3 to ISIS transition
            - For example gdal uses ISIS3 for file format specifications
        - Is this a problem that we should engage with or do we mark it as "do not fix"?
          - Further engagement means planning a potential transition
          - Executing a name change is not the next step, that is still TBD
          - **Agreement that we need to engage with this**
          - A working group will be formed to do some scoping/planning

- Open discussion
  - Skipped due to time
  - Any outstanding issues open a PR into next month's agenda


## Discussions for next meeting

- ISIS Name Change Working Group

## Action Items

- Jesse: open issue to collect googletest documentation issues

## Next Meeting

- August 11th @ 1pm MST
