# ISIS TC Meeting January 13, 2022 @ 12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true))

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- Audrie Fennema
- Ross Beyer
- Kris Becker
- Jay Laura
- Victor Silva

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - General: Comment on https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/145
    - No changes yet
    - Questions about how to share the Rosetta changes example
      - Camera version change is be definition, and implementation, a breaking change for that camera model
        - Cubes which have been spiceinit'd under the previous camera version cannot be used and must be re-spiceinit'd and possibly re-processed
      - Also impacted orientation
        - What's the best way to represent this?
        - Do we need to actually describe the change for this or just note that it's there?
      - Label diff would be helpful
      - Brief text explanation of the other changes should be sufficient
  - General: Comment on https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/discussions/4691
    - Audrie & HiRISE team commented
    - LROC team working on it
      - Vacations and approval
    - "O-REx" team in the same place as LROC
    - Reach out to ASC devs on this
  - General: Comment on https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/pull/4632
    - Reviewed, updated, and merged
  - Jesse: Write a blurb for RFC distribution email 
    - Jesse: Distribute RFC on Astrosdiscuss, OpenPlanetary, and LPI news
      - Posted on astrodiscuss, OpenPlanetary Slack
      - Cannot share on LPI News, just LPI stuff
      - Post on OpenPlanetary Forum/discourse
      - Reach out to instrument teams
    - ???: Distribute RFC on LEAG, MEXAG, SBAG, MEPAG and OPAG
      - Who can do this?
      - Who are we trying to reach here?
        - Scientists not directly working with mission teams we have contacts with
        - Are these people already covered by the groups below?
      - Every AG is different and has different "news" processes and channels
      - Put on hold unless we need to get more input
    - J: Distribute RFC on PEN, DPS, and to MAPSIT
      - Jesse will send blurb today
  - Victor: Comment on ISIS Homepage issue https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/151
    - Victor is talking with users that have expreseed opinions about this, but Holidays have made meetings hard
    - How do Government regulations and DOI/USGS rules impact this?
      - If the ASC (USGS) dev team is the primary driver on this, then it has to follow government rules
      - If the TC takes lead, the ASC dev team can contribute more freely
      - People in the TC may have rules and regulations that they have to follow for their institutions/employers
      - Can the TC take lead on the whole ISIS project to help with regulations?
        - From the DOI if there is significant outside contribution then it is not bound by DOI rules and regulations
        - Can also happen on a "project" basis, such as the documentation


- Continue LTP and Versioning discussion
  - Outstanding questions and comments
    - Development for missions between LTS releases
      - All changes go into and come from Dev
      - Missions may be developing off of a LTS version
      - How do mission teams contribute their changes back to upstream?
        - Missions will need to track upstream with their changes
        - May require testing in the LTS base and in the upstream base
        - Automated testing can help with testing across different code sets
        - It's crucial that we maintain test data and environment for LTSs and Dev
          - Provide versions of the test data for each LTS
            - Currently via S3
          - For data area we are moving to provide scripts to pull the data that we are not the repository of record for
            - For data that we are the repository of record (LRO, etc.), we are moving to cloud hosting
            - Also trying to build out web services (things like web spicenit) that make it so users don't need the data locally
            - Working on figuring out the costs for moving to cloud
          - We are moving more and more test data under version control by putting it into the repo and dynamically generating it
      - How does this compare to a direct fork for development?
        - LTS provides a time window during with the LTS environment is supported
          - You need to accept upstream bug fixes from the LTS branch
        - Developing off of an LTS after it's EOL, you're on your own
    - If a mission submits a feature when does it go out?
      - Ideally, it goes out in the LTS version after it's accepted/merged
        - We need to make the time between submission and acceptance shorter
      - LTS version are peeled off of the dev branch
        - Once a change is in dev, it will go out in the next LTS version
      - Do we have an RC or code freeze so that devs can target their work?
        - Currently, it's 1 month from release
          - New branch is peeled off for the release
          - 1 month is good, just needs to be explicitly stated in policy documents
        - Needs to be said in the LTS document
      - What about testing for users?
        - RC has 1 month for simple tests
        - 6 month overlap between LTS version for more extensive testing
- ISIS Name Change survey
  - Survey went out at ASC
  - Next step is distribution amongst close collaborators
    - Mission teams
    - Instrument teams

- Open discussion

## Discussions for next meeting

- Breaking changes
- March meeting (3/10) falls during LPSC(3/7-3/11) what do we want to do?

## Action Items

- Jesse: Stick README in meeting directory with standing meeting link incase we don't have an agenda stub again.
- General: Comment on https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/145
- General: Comment on https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/discussions/4691
  - Particularly read Jay's response about versioning and how it could interact with the LTS
- Jesse: Distribute RFC on OpenPlanetary forums
- Jesse: Distribute RFC to instrument teams
- J: Distribute RFC on PEN, DPS, and to MAPSIT
- Victor: Comment on ISIS Homepage issue https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/151
- Jesse: Add code freeze time to RFC8

## Next Meeting

- February 10th @ 1pm MST