# ISIS TC Meeting February 10, 2022 @ 12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- Audrie Fennema
- Robin Fergason
- Kris Becker
- Jason Laura
- Stuart Sides
- Stuart Robbins
- Victor Silva
- Ross Beyer
- Lauren Adoram-Kershner

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - Jesse: Stick README in meeting directory with standing meeting link incase we don't have an agenda stub again.
    - PR [#155](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/pull/155)
  - General: Comment on https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/145
    - Members read but did not comment on issue
  - General: Comment on https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/discussions/4691
    - Particularly read Jay's response about versioning and how it could interact with the LTS
    - Some activity
  - Jesse: Distribute RFC on OpenPlanetary forums
  - Jesse: Distribute RFC to instrument teams
  - J: Distribute RFC on PEN, DPS, and to MAPSIT
  - Victor: Comment on ISIS Homepage issue https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/151
  - Jesse: Add code freeze time to RFC8

- Breaking changes
  - What happens if there is no discussion or consensus reach on the definition of the API?
    - In the absence of guidence, developers are left to make what they feel is the best decision on a case-by-case basis
      - The status-quo
    - Community expectations will remain varied
    - Can we write a document right now
      - We cannot predetermine all possibilities
      - Will need to be a living document, as all of our other documents are
      - Currently [Backward Compatibility Policy](https://isis.astrogeology.usgs.gov/documents/BackwardCompatibility/BackwardCompatibility.html)
        - Likely needs to be updated in light of new versioning policy
      - High level guiding principles instead of strictly prescriptive
      - Can we make a list of what is and is not breaking?
      - Need to move to a PR to start drilling on specifics
        - Where? ISIS repo
        - What? API.md file
  - Library API vs application APIs
    - Currently the ISIS API includes both
  - Outputs
    - Is adding a keyword to the cubes output by a program a break?
      - Likely no
    - Is removing a keyword from the cubes output by a program a break?
      - Likely yes
  - Sem ver says that 1.0 defines the public API
    - ISIS has not defined its public API

- RFC 8 - LTS
  - Actions are waiting for Jesse to distribute this
  - Requests for more commitment from missions
    - HiRISE and LROC have responded
  - Requests for more comments on testing and release candidates
    - Little to no discussion of this
    - The RFC has no statements about testing
    - Release candidates are to be added to the RFC, 30 day code freeze window
  - Versioning question
    - Landed on regular sem ver + extra LTS indicator
    - I.E. 7.0.0 LTS or 23.4.0 LTS
  - Closing
    - 2 months from broad announcement
      - Starts once we blast public, see action items
    - ASC timelines put this nominally beginning Oct 2022 +- a quarter

- March meeting (3/10) falls during LPSC(3/7-3/11) what do we want to do?
  - Is anyone not able to attend? No
  - Continue as scheduled

- Open discussion
  - Name change survey went wider
    - Going fully public likely before LPSC
    - Already got ~50 responses between external and internal

## Discussions for next meeting

- 

## Action Items

- Ross: PR initial language from issue #145 into ISIS as API.md
- Jesse: Distribute RFC on OpenPlanetary forums
- Jesse: Distribute RFC to instrument teams
- J: Distribute RFC on PEN, DPS, and to MAPSIT
- Victor: Comment on ISIS Homepage issue https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/151
- Jesse: Add code freeze time to RFC8

## Next Meeting

- March 10th @ 1pm MST