# ISIS TC Meeting March 10, 2022 @ 12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- 

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - Ross: PR initial language from issue #145 into ISIS as API.md
  - Jesse: Distribute RFC on OpenPlanetary forums
  - Jesse: Distribute RFC to instrument teams
  - J: Distribute RFC on PEN, DPS, and to MAPSIT
  - Victor: Comment on ISIS Homepage issue https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/151
  - Jesse: Add code freeze time to RFC8

- Open discussion

## Discussions for next meeting

- 

## Action Items

-

## Next Meeting

- April 14th @ 1pm MST