# ISIS TC Meeting September 8, 2022 @ 1PM PDT & MST / 4PM EDT

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- Stuart Robbins
- Audrie Fennema
- Andrew Annex
- Victor Silva
- Kris Becker

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month

- ISIS Name Change Working Group
  - Has a few members now.
  - Will start working soon
  - If there are gaps then we will address those as they come up
  - Potential names
    - No consensus yet
    - Likely will go back to the community with a few options
    - People do not seem concerned about the exact name as long as it is
      - concise
      - distinct
      - doesn't have bagged
  - Time frame
    - No time frame yet
    - Currently coming up with the detailed plan, so a time frame will be after that

- Open discussion
  - New kernel/data download setup
    - Goal is to try to emulate the current rsync data server setup except pull from canonical sources
    - We are working hard to get the scripts ready to go
    - Please post any questions or issues and we will work to get things resolved
    - Users will see more data updates that could cause issues with kernel.db setups
      - Most of the static/custom kernel.db setups update very infrequently and we already have this issue when they do
      - We are keeping an eye on this
      - More robust/public tracking of changes to the data area could help here
    - Documentation for adding new missions is a lower priority but we know it is needed
    - Ultimately, we expect most users will not download kernel data and instead use the web service
      - We are working to complete the ALE migration so we can setup an ALE web service that will emulate the current spiceinit web service.


## Discussions for next meeting

-

## Action Items

-

## Next Meeting

- October 13th @ 1pm MST
