# ISIS TC Meeting April 14, 2022 @ 1PM PDT & MST / 4PM EDT

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- Audrie Fennema
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer
- Kris Becker
- Stuart Sides
- Stuart Robbins
- Victor Silva
- Jason Laura

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - Jesse: Add test guidance on open PRs
    - Testing all new arguments for applications
    - Unit testing new functionality/support classes
    - Migrate into contributing documents
    - There are many tests in the system that are not up to the standards being asked of new contributions
    - Testing environment imposes some extra challenges
      - Needs better documentation about this
    - Also came up in new NEAR MSI geometry PR [#4887](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/pull/4887)
    - Update documents before Stuart and Victor start work on new LRO calibration PRs
    - Big Fixtures.h file causes merge conflicts and extra
    - What's the best way to get help with writing tests
      - Discussion happened on an issue [#4864](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/issues/4864)
      - Where should this happen in the future
        - Post a draft pull request with your code and put your question in the PR/comments
    - Would be good to add a best practices section to contribution documents
      - Stuff to avoid in applications
      - How to work with preferences
      - How to work with Process objects
    - How much test conversion is required
      - The default is to migrate all of the existing tests for the application
      - If there are extenuating circumstances then we can make some exceptions
      - Everything must be migrated "eventually"
    - Add documentation about how to add a "spicinit'd cube" for testing
      - Generate ISD + label file and create it dynamically in the fixture
  - Jesse ping Austin: Get support prioritization meeting stuff out
    - Happened
  - Lauren: Invite external folks to ISIS documentation demo
    - Defer until 7.0 is out officially

- LTS technical details
  - RFC 8 closes 5/2/22
  - What is required
    - Figure out separate TestData and Data areas for each LTS version
      - Data area will still receive regular data updates for things like new kernels/calibration files
      - Will likely start as copies of the dev areas at the time of the RC code freeze
    - Separate CI and Nightly builds for LTS
    - Update our release how-to
    - Improve our bug fix cherry-pick (nice to have)
  - When we could potentially see the first LTS
    - FY23
    - Either October 2022 or January 2023
  - Could move IAKs into the source/build similar to appData
    - What if a user wants to update the IAK without updating the software?
      - You can still add new IAKs to the "appdata" area

- Open discussion
  - API definition PR [#4792](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/pull/4792)
    - Still open
    - Jay has several open comments
      - Had to leave early for another meeting
    - Progress has stopped on many discussion
      - What is the next step?
        - Respond back on discussions with either "Yes I will do this", "No I will remove this part", or "What do you want me to do?"
        - Next meeting if this is not resolved, we will resolve it with either a merge or a rejection.
  - ISIS name change
    - Jesse put out an e-mail to forma working group
      - Got a good response with representatives from many different groups
      - Thank you everyone
    - May meeting will have an update from the working group
    - June meeting will be with ASC management and we will make a decision about the group's proposal then


## Discussions for next meeting

- API definition PR [#4792](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/pull/4792)
- ISIS name change WG update

## Action Items

- Jesse: Update contributing documents from experience with #4887
- Kris: Post enhancement request to bundle IAKs with ISIS similar to appdata
- Ross: Reply to open discussion on API PR

## Next Meeting

- May 12th @ 1pm MST
