# ISIS TC Meeting June 9, 2022 @ 1PM PDT & MST / 4PM EDT

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- Jesse Mapel
- Lauren Adoram-Kershner
- Justin Hagerty
- Adam Paquette
- Lori Pigue
- Stuart Robbins
- J Laura
- Amy Stamile
- Kelvin Rodriguez
- Victor Silva
- Audrie Fennema

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last month
  - J/Jesse/Ross: Resolve #4792 by 5/20
    - Merged
    - If you have any comments or changes you would like to see please comment or open a PR
    - API breaks require a RFC now
  - Jesse: Give temp permissions to Name Change WG members
    - Will likely do the same thing for next group
  - Jesse: Update ISIS PR templates with new requirements
     - Not done
     - API break requirement
     - Will happen across ASC projects (ALE, PLIO, etc)

- ISIS Name Change Proposal
  - Recommendation is to change the name
    - No objects from those present
    - Those not attending can comment on the PR until the next TC meeting
  - Next step is to plan and estimate all of this work
    - E-Mail Jesse if you want to be a part of the group
    - Will likely still operate under the Name Change Working Group title
  - Presentation is in the repo under the Working

- Open discussion


## Discussions for next meeting

- Compliance and Contributing

## Action Items

- Jesse: Update ISIS PR templates with new requirements

## Next Meeting

- July 14th @ 1pm MST
