# ISIS TC Meeting May 11, 2023 @ 1PM PST /  4PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Andrew Annex
- Audrie Fennema
- Adam Paquette
- Jay Laura
## Agenda / Notes
- Docs for M1/M2 for users
  - A PR was merged to update the README. No action since then.
    - Having someone test these would be terrific.
  - DOI store now has an option for USGS employees to order M2 Macs. No ETA to actual arrival to USGS.
- Issue tracking dependencies that have already migrated to ARM
  - No action taken since last meeting.
  - Mamba repoquery / conda search tool might also be useful. 
- Tests building on M1/M2
  - No progress to report. 
- LTS
  - 8.0.0 LTS RC is labelled and pushed to anaconda.
  - The LTS is tagged on there, so installation via conda can use the tag to grab the LTS. 
  - As bug fixes come in the label will point to the newest bug fixed LTS (e.g., 8.0.1, 8.0.2, 8.0.n)
- Additional discussion on data area versioning.
  - HiRISE discussed. No issues noted right now. If something changes in the future, we have a mechanism to collect that feedback.
- Status of data area filtering (specific is ORex, impacts all missions.)
  - Awaiting feedback from Kelvin / Kris.
  - Work is still ongoing on PRs. Some merged. It has a bug requiring an 8.0.1 release.
    - Could also get in to the 8.0.0 since this is an RC.

## Discussions for next meeting
- Revisit - SpiceQL.
  - Significant performance improvement discussion (sub-minute right now, target is 5 seconds.)
- File suffixes, lbl, pvl, txt, oh my.
- 

## Action Items
- Soliciting volunteers to test the ARM installation instructions.
- Adam will get an issue open tracking ARM dependencies.
- Kris will report on tests build ISIS on M1/M2 mac.
- Andrew open an issue about scenarios for data area breakage.


## Next Meeting
- June 8th @ 1pm MST
