# ISIS TC Meeting September 14, 2023 @ 1PM PST /  4PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Stuart Robbins 
- Jason Laura 
- Audrie Fennema 
- Ross Beyer 
- Kelvin Rodriguez 
- Adam Paquette 
- Trent Hare 

## Agenda / Notes
- Can someone from USGS give a run-down on the FY24 work plan for ISIS? (carry over from last meeting, Jay)
    - Jay presented on Fy24 work, slides cannot be re-distributed 
    - Tracking needs to be private until vetted by NASA 
    - We dont know when Nasa is going to finish vetting these deliverables 
- Progress on PR checklists (Kelvin)
    - This probably have to wait until the start next fiscal 
- PR Size limitations (Kelvin)
    - Potential Solutions 
      - One changelog entry per PR?  
      - One issue per PR?  
      - We do not want to create an arbitrary line changed limitation  
    - Ross is concerned about extra structure
      - Maybe non-issue. Could be a change in CONTRIBUTING.md 
    - Probably requires an RFC 
    
- Are important issues being stale'd out without being addressed? (Stu)
    - Might be an issue with the prioritization meetings, are they being advertized correctly? 
    - Is the responsibility for tracking importance the responsibility of the issue author or a USGS developer? 
      - If author constantly pings an issue as relavant, they should describe why it's relevant 
      - We need to enable users to make these cases, maybe via priority meetings
    
## Discussions for next meeting
- Follow up on any changes to how prioritization meeting are being advertized 
- 

## Action Items
- Create an RFC for contributing large PRs 
- Re-evaluate how we advertise prioritization meetings, consider adding it to the stale message. 

## Next Meeting
- October 12th @ 1pm PST
