# ISIS TC Meeting May 11, 2023 @ 1PM PST /  4PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Kris becker
- Stuart Robbins
- Kelvin Rodriguez
- Adam Paquette
- Victor Silva
- Trent Hare
- Ross Beyer

## Agenda / Notes
- Revisit - SpiceQL.
  - Potential replacement for the SPICE server
  - Significant performance improvement discussion (sub-minute right now, target is 5 seconds.)
  - ASC is working on this.
    - Caching is in / going in.
    - Current time is 60 seconds (for a CTX image).
    - Plans to remove the other slowdowns.
    - These timings are only for the remote server, not local ISIS/ALE that has the files locally.
    - This is neither integrated nor released.
- File suffixes: lbl, pvl, txt, etc.
  - Deferred
- LTS Discussion.

## Discussions for next meeting
- M1/M2 folks update. 
- LTS update (it likely will have shipped unless more bugs are identified and fixed)

## Action Items
- Respond / work issues related to the data downloads.


## Next Meeting
- July 13th @ 1pm PST
