# ISIS TC Meeting April 13, 2023 @ 12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Adam Paquette
- Kris Becker
- Stuart Robbins
- Austin Sanders
- Ross Beyer
- Audrie Fennema
- Victor Silva
- Andrew Annex
- Robin Fergason

## Agenda / Notes
- Impact of ALE / SpiceQL Integration (Adam)
  - New SPICE server
  - Pros/Cons
    - More flexible.
    - Slower (a lot)
  - Questions:
    - Where are kernel loads happening? AWS Lambdas.
    - Expected rollout? No release date at this time.
- Status of ISIS Data Area Testing (Kelvin is on leave; Update from Kris?)
  - Initial PR for data eval is in. Another PR is open.
  - ASC and TSC persons have been fielding user issues.
  - More work to come here for folks to compare between different data areas.
  - Motivation: ORex contributed 1TB of data. Working to have ORex data area down to ~9GB.
- LTS update if we have one.
  - Plan is 8.0.0 RC at the end of the month. This version will be labelled as an LTS.
  - Mission teams: Possible to promote to your teams? The RC has a 4 week window. 
    - We all know people are busy!
    - Hirise - yes!
    - Orex - yes!
    - LROC - yes!
    - Others - ?
  - Discussion: Need for data versioning
    - LROC uses the cutting edge. They would not (will think about it) an older data area.
    - AAnnex - expectation that the length of time the LTS is supported, fine to add new kernels, but not remove kernels with respect to data area organization.
    - The LTS works with the up to date data area. WHen the LTS sunsets, the expectation is not that the data area will work.
    - Discussion: Snap shotting the data area at the end of the LTS. (ASC - can the ASC do this?)
    - Checkpoints for data is valuable. Users do not update data areas with the same velocity as missions.
    - At the EOL of an LTS a data area archive will be created.
    - The any code changes needed due to alterations in the data area must be back ported into the LTS.
    - Several moving parts:
      - Static data that the ASC maintains. Mostly config. Also smithed kernels.
      - Spice server; needs to serve 2-3 versions (2 overlapping LTSs)
      - Mission kernel updates need to occur
      - RClone.conf is part of the LTS.
    - HiRISE is working off bleeding edge data.
    - Concern if a mission is unable to update to the latest LTS.
  - Will:
    - Not version the data area at this time.
    - Plan to create an archive at the EOL of the LTS.
    - Discuss more next meeting.
- Discussion of timelines and details for ISIS on Apple Silicon.
  - Issues coming across on the ISIS repo.
  - What can be done to try and move this forward.
  - Kris - has ISIS running on an M1. A bit of setup. Development work / project work happen under Rosetta. Build on the M1 is also possible. The drawback is that for every update a reset is required.
    - What is the friction that users are getting?
      - `conda` needs to run in a Rosetta terminal. This is a documentation issue.
  - Longer term plan?
    - Need to get ARM up and running.
    - NAIF has done this for spicetoolkit.
    - Kris could give this a go and report what he finds / create documentation.
  - Spiceypy too has experience with this.
  - Conda-forge has done a lot of migration work already. Many dependencies are already available.
    - Would need to determine what dependencies still require migration.
  - cspice feedstock on conda-forge has instructions
  - Concern for less technical users
  - What is the runway for getting ARM supported releases to users?
    - conda install isis on an M1/M2?
  - Stuart has this running.
    - Had Rosetta installed via a third party install.
    - Ran under Rosetta.
  - 

## Discussions for next meeting
- Additional discussion on data area versioning.
- Status of data area filtering (specific is ORex, impacts all missions.)


## Action Items
- Docs for M1/M2 for users
- Issue tracking dependencies that have already migrated to ARM
- Tests building on M1/M2


## Next Meeting
- May 11th @ 1pm PST
