# ISIS TC Meeting May 11, 2023 @ 1PM PST /  4PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Kris Becker
- Ross Beyer
- Stuart Robbins
- Kelvin Rodgriguez
- Jay Laura

## Agenda / Notes

- M1/M2 folks update. 
    - USGS developers receiving Apple Silicon machines.
    - Will allow them to begin more development.

- LTS update
    - Release candidate is just about done.
    - Release engineering identified a bug, so a little more delay to release.
    - 8.0.0 LTS will release in the next week or two.    

- PR from an external European contributor
    - Good news on their participation
    - And good news that the documentation and environment has allowed that.

- How does USGS develop "data import infrastructure" for a mission that does not fund USGS to support it?
    - e.g. Lucy is using SBMT and not using ISIS for image processing.
    - Policy is that USGS does not write these unless funded.
        - Could be funded by the mission itself.
        - Could be funded after-the-fact by ROSES proposal (e.g. PDART)
        - NASA could also direct funding to USGS to support specifically or generally.
        - Could also be PRed by 3rd party developers (e.g. ShadowCam)

- Is anything being done about the ISIS name change idea?
    - Effort has stalled because no one has the time/energy to move the topic forward.
    - Last discussed at 2022-11-10 meeting, see those notes for detail.
    - If you want to volunteer, let the TC know.
    - The effort at this time does not need software expertise, but more of a project organizer to champion the effort and perhaps write a proposal.


## Discussions for next meeting
- Discussion topic of "File suffixes: lbl, pvl, txt, etc." tabled to next meeting for Andrew Annex to present and discuss.
- Can someone from USGS give a run-down on the FY24 work plan for ISIS?

## Action Items
-


## Next Meeting
- August 10th @ 1pm PST
