# ISIS TC Meeting August 10, 2023 @ 1PM PST /  4PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Kris Becker 
- Kelvin Rodriguez 
- Audrie Fennema 
- Andrew Annex 
- Ross Beyer 

## Agenda / Notes
- Discussion topic of "File suffixes: lbl, pvl, txt, etc." tabled to next meeting for Andrew Annex to present and discuss.
  - Some ISIS app (camrange) is not using the correct file extension 
  - Andrew Annex will make an issue about the file suffixes in ISIS apps. 
  - TO parameter is always applying .txt 
  - Alluding to an bigger issue in ISIS of apps adding extensions that the user is not asking for. 
  - Kris thinks it's a bug. 
  - XML interface should have default extensions. These should be documented in XML and code should match. 
  - Andrew thinks the extension should match the serialization format. 
  - these will be API breaking changes.
  - Look for conda-forge for inspiration on how to handle these guidlines. 
  - TLDR: things should match serialization format, we should force the correct extension based on format. Need codified. 
- Can someone from USGS give a run-down on the FY24 work plan for ISIS?
  - Jay has written down the IAA proposal. He is not present. Someone else will create a summary for next meeting 

- Kris wants to start a conversation about who is resposible for resolving conversations. 
  - This seems more of a particular issue with the find features PR. 
  - The action items for this issue is to ping reviewer with a "is this good?"

## Discussions for next meeting
- Can someone from USGS give a run-down on the FY24 work plan for ISIS? (carry over from last meeting)  

## Action Items
- Look into better enforcement for PR checklist, how to iterate on checklists.

## Next Meeting
- September 14th @ 1pm PST
