# ISIS TC Meeting January 12, 2023 @ 12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Robin Fergason
- Adam Paquette
- Kris Becker
- Victor Silva
- Audrie Fennema
- 
## Agenda / Notes
- Update on plain language SEMVER discussion.
  - Question about CHANGELOG. Is it specified which changes cause a major version tick?
  - Might be worthwhile denoting those.
  - If we would like the project to include that, what would we need to change?
    - Could provide a standard to have CHANGELOG entries indicate if a major version tick was required.
    - Could add some language in the PR template that a CHANGELOG entry should indicate if API breaking.
  - Have been diligent about using RFCs for API breaking changes. So this may just be an update to the template.
  - Question: Are the individual applications versioned?
    - XML for the apps have versions.
    - HiCAL is specifically versioned. It is not following any convention. 
    - Some apps are versioned.
- Moving the ISIS repo to a DOI Git. Will update that this happened.
  - Not much to report.
- isisDataDownload status - audits, changes re: unneeded data, etc.
  - Gets ahead of data download discussions. TC can help be community interfaces.
  - Identified extraneous stuff. PR is open that is being worked to filter unneeded stuff. Has to behave well with user provided filters.
  - We should see a large decrease in data volume that USGS is hosting via S3.
  - Identified other files that should not exist. Future work is to remove these file, e.g., `*.old`
  - Issues are being brought up. Dev team has not had time to handle this yet.
  - Seems that the rollout was hussled out too early. Average users are raising issues. Why?
    - Forced to shutdown the old solution (rsync).
    - Leadership decision to host less data due to costs.
    - Did not consider how disorganized public sources are compared to curated data.
    - Project scope was a lot larger.
    - Positive: This is closer to the end goal. (chuckle)
    - Two projects pushed into one.
    - This is bad PR for ISIS.
    - Dev team is increasing, so cleanup on this is a great target.
  - Kris has an app that looks at the ISIS data area. It can find problems, etc.
    - Kelvin hasn't had to time to look at that yet. The app will be useful.
  - Longer term, the updated spice service will help the project get metrics on kernel usage, how folks are using kernels, etc.
- PDW
  - What do we want to do? Person(s) to take a leadership role.
  - Topics:
    - This would be a good audience to discuss versioning with.
    - Long Term Support; Should be implemented by then.
    - What this group is, what it does, what the purpose it?
    - Do folks know that this group exists?
      - LPSC might be a more appropriate venue for discussions along these lines.
      - Both venues also appropriate. Different audiences, but valuable for both.
    - Do we want to solicit for others that are interested in developing against and committing to the ISIS repo?
      - Yes. How?
  - Leader(s):
    - Pushed to next week.
- Progress on velocity of releases.
  - Discussion of holding API breaking changes until it aligns with something. E.g., align breaking changes with LTS releases.
  - Concern - putting off API breaking changes.
  - An RFC takes a fair bit of time, so this cadence is probably okay. Can always revisit.
  - Can always have a dev branch that is not officially released, but is compilable.
  - Biggest thing is coordination before the release / submissions, etc. Important that the project has a solid release timeline.
  - 

## Discussions for next meeting
- LTS update if we have one.
- DGEC migration update if we have one.
-  

## Action Items
- Determine if we have a lead for a PDW meeting abstract.
- Jay look at calendar invite and ensure we have the correct branch.
- Jay update the invite, with a dial in number.

## Next Meeting
- March 9th @ 1pm MST
