# ISIS TC Meeting October 12, 2023 @ 1PM PST /  4PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Kris Becker 
- Kelvin Rodriguez
- Adam Paquette 
- Stuart Robbins 
- Dathon Golish 
- Trent Hare 
- Audrie Fennema 

## Agenda / Notes
- Follow up on any changes to how prioritization meeting are being advertized (Kelvin)
  - Working with new USGS dev on how to get this implemented 
  - Make sure the process is document 
- Follow up PR size limitations (Kelvin)
  - RFC is up (https://github.com/DOI-USGS/ISIS3/discussions/5308)
- Open Floor Questions for PSMRTS (Kris)
  - Discussion is up (https://github.com/DOI-USGS/ISIS3/discussions/5309)
  - Talk is coming up on this library ADASS conference in Tuscon, NOV 8th, might be recorded  
  - PSMRTS already exsits in ISIS 3.60 within UofA and been regularly used. 


## Discussions for next meeting
- Any potential follow up to PSMRTS discussion (Kris)
- 

## Action Items


## Next Meeting
- November 9th @ 1pm PST
