# ISIS TC Meeting January 12, 2023 @ 12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Adam Paquette
- Kris Becker
- Robin Fergason
- Stuart Robbins
- Audrie Dennema
- Andrew Annex
- Jay Laura
- Ross Beyer
- Kelvin Rodriguez
- Austin Sanders
## Agenda / Notes
- Velocity of releases. 
  - The community seemed upset with the velocity of the releases of ISIS.
  - From an inside baseball perspective, it is not anything different than the pace at which changes have previously been made. 
  - Then perception is that the pace of the major version number change is concerning / scary.
  - Have seen people griping about it. Choices - do nothing, do something.
  - Question: Is the community concerned with the number of releases each year or with the number of new features added or the number of bug fixes?
    - We are generally less certain about the community (Covid is hard). Maybe this is all internet magnified.
    - In general people would not update. Now they are going to update and the major version number has increased rapidly. We are ISIS3 to ISIS7 in a relatively short period of time. 
      - Believe that this is psychological. Uncertainty as the major version has ticked my a large amount.
  -  Two things: (1) frequency of breaking changes that are of consequence and (2) developing against the API. Argument, instead of semantic versioning calendar year versioning is an option.
  -  The reality is that interactions is changed in a very minor way. The breaking changes are not large.
  -  Communication to the community about the major version number.
  -  Still feel semantic versioning is better overall. Perception is from users who are unfamiliar with semantic versioning?
  -  One could look at the pace of merges for major changes.
  -  What is the rate of major version ticks?
     - 3.10.2 (2 years, 9 months)
     -  3.5.2 (2017) ish
     -  7.1.0 (2022) ish
     -  Three years for version 4 to version 7.
  -  Are these more frequent recently?
  -  From a development perspective, one version per year is not bad / concerning.
  -  For users that have been using ISIS for a while, the long time spent on 3 is in conflict with the semantic versioning approach taken.
  -  Was this an issue from mission teams and did this lead to LTSs?
     - HiRISE: It is psychological. We were on 3 for a long time. Now we are on 7. Felt like we needed to keep up. We don't really need to  keep up. LTS addresses concerns. Not sure anything different is needed.
     - ORex: Early on the changes were pretty big. This has slowed down a lot. It will get easier. 
  - Use the LTS to bundle changes as much as possible where we have version breaks.
  - We need to not underestimate the outreach needed to help users feel comfortable.
    - More abstracts? +1 (LPSC, PDW)
    - More hugs?
    - This is an ongoing effort.
  - We have a CHANGELOG, but the user friendly thing to do is semantic versioning.
  - Start with an 'ISIS versions and you' at conferences, abstracts, etc.
  - Is the CHANGELOG verbose enough? or somewhere else?
    - Had a post where someone learned what the changes were from the changelog.
    - Should be as long as it needs to be. (MARCI vs. histograms.) <- should be preceded by an issue. The internal discussion needs to be made publicly visible.
  - Folks may not know what semantic versioning means. Education. 
    - Is this in our documentation anywhere?
  - Proposal: More verbose change logs and thorough commit messages that <>? Some guidelines for the commit message.
    - Comment: The ISIS change log looks pretty good.
  - The realities of doing a release will impact whether or not the project can adopt the proposed.
    - Whoever is doing the release shouldn't be the one building the whole changelog (I believe ISIS has a PR template asking for the changelog.)
    - Capacity is always an issue.
    - If the level of detail increases, the policies for external contributors will update to require more verbose CHANGELOG entries.
  - Is a plain language changelog appropriate? An ISIS TC task?
  - Currently CHANGELOG is developer centric.
  - Major version ticks having larger explanations makes sense.
  - Proposal: Add more information, plain language, about versioning and what it means.
- ~ASC update on LTS.(Jay)~
  - Removed from the agenda because work at the ASC is not scheduled to start until 1.9.2023.
- TC's role in community education re: ISIS not 3.
  - Question: Working on developer oriented guides use markdown? Yes please.


## Discussions for next meeting
- Moving the ISIS repo to a DOI Git. Will update that this happened.
- isisDataDownload status - audits, changes re: unneeded data, etc.
  - Gets ahead of data download discussions. TC can help be community interfaces.
- PDW
  - What do we want to do? Person(s) to take a leadership role.
- Progress on velocity of releases.

## Action Items
- Andrew or Kris - open an issue re: CHANGELOG
- Jay - PR on ISIS repo. semantic versioning and you, the dev and you, the user.

## Next Meeting
- February 9th @ 1pm MST
