# ISIS TC Meeting January 12, 2023 @ 12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending
- Robin Fergason
- Stuart Robbins
- Kris Becker
- Victor Silva
- Audrie Fennema
- Adam Paquette
- Andrew Annex
- Kelvin Rodriguez
- Jay Laura

## Agenda / Notes
- LTS update if we have one.
  - LTS work commenced this week at ASC.
  - Working on CI/CD as a component of this to make sure the person-time costs are not too high.
  - A byproduct of this will be continuous deploys of the main branch (currently named `dev`, to be renamed to `main` at some point soon.)
  - LTS is tagged. It is not a new version, it is a tag on a version indicating that it is an LTS.
- DGEC migration update
  - Migration happened. 
  - GitHub actions are not (yet) enabled so the stale issue bot is **not** running.

## Discussions for next meeting
- ISIS LTS update after work is completed.
- SpiceQL / Ale updates on the impact to ISIS. (Adam will have a deck.)
- Testing ISIS data, issues that extend past the opened issue.
- 
## Action Items
- Adam will prepare a deck re: SpiceQL / ALE integration impacts
- Kelvin will open an issue on the repo to discuss testing ISIS data
- 

## Next Meeting
- April 13th @ 1pm MST
