# ISIS Long Term Support Model Developer Meeting June 10, 2020 @11:30AM MST

## Attendance

* Austin Sanders
* Kelvin Rodriguez
* Stuart Sides
* Kristin Berry
* Lauren Adoram-Kershner
* Adam Paquette
* Jesse Mapel

## Notes

* How much friction would the proposed model add?
  * Just bug fixes are usually not very hard to backport
  * A lot of the overhead is in accounting for everything so backporting to multiple places is not much more work
  * Magnify the impact of major changes in the code base
    * How often will these major changes be happening?
    * ISIS is very volatile right now
    * Major changes may need to be more concentrated efforts
* Are there any small changes we can make to reduce the friction?
  * Track bug fix commit hashes for easier backporting
  * Ensure that changes get backported as soon as possible after going into dev
    * If we aren't going to backport decide asap
* Are there any technical solutions we can work on that will make this easier?
  * Programmatic labeling of bug-fixes
    * Additional label for do not backport
  * Automatic backporting of bug-fixes
* How long would we be willing to provide LTS support for a version?
  * Is shorter, 1 year-ish, even worth it
  * Are cadences needed or can we go until we collectively decide to move?
    * Need lead-time for everyone to plan work
    * Overlap period may be more important than LTS length
    * Avoids doing un-needed LTS jumps
    * Helps work around major changes that can break backporting
    * Need a process for blessing new LTS versions
      * When does the new LTS version come out
      * How long are the new and LTS versions both supported?
        * Six months seems reasonable
      * Is there a minimum time between LTS versions
        * One year seems reasonable
        * Groups expect to upgrade at most once a year
* Is length of time or number of places the bigger factor for backporting?
  * The really important part is the number of big changes we have to backport across
  * longer LTS version means there could be more bugs in LTS not present in dev
* Breaking changes
  * Technically we've had a bunch of breaking changes that modified app outputs
  * Can we use an LTS structure with more volatile dev releases?
  * More targeted big changes around LTS releases
    * Could cause friction with who can get big changes into LTS versions
  * LTS doesn't actually resolve the definition of breaking problem
* Can we not backport a bug fix?
  * Bugs in LTS versions that are not present in new versions
    * What if the bug fix requires significant efforts to fix
    * Can we just ask people to wait for the next LTS?
  * Need a process to not backport bug fixes
    * Need to ensure due diligence on backporting
    * Need to communicate that the bug will not be fixed

* Summary
  * 1.5 year LTS length, start to EOL
  * 0.5 year LTS version overlap
  * View these as minimums and want the flexibility to tag new LTS version as needed
    * Decision needs to be made jointly by developers and users
    * Large changes need to be identified early for this process
    * What is the lead-time outside of the LTS version overlap?
  * There are some technical things that we can do to make this easier
